A case was opened with a short description of RE: Restaurant Roots Gift Card Expired





Creation date: 2022-11-25 20:07:50 work_notes: Email Received From: druiz1970@googlemail.com

Body of Original Email:
Good evening Bertie

 

I appreciate that you forwarded my request to Dante.

 

I would appreciate any updates. All I want to do is make sure I don't miss their response.
 

Thanks, Best Wishes

 

David Ruiz

103 Longstone Rd, Eastbourne, East Sussex BN22 8AD

 

 

From: Card Help <cardhelp@magiccard.com> 
Sent: 10 November 2022 09:56
To: druiz1970@googlemail.com
Subject: RE: Restaurant Roots Gift Card Expired

 

Hi David,

 

Thanks for the email.

 

Your email has been forwarded to Dante, who will be handling requests for extensions for these cards.

 

View their email below,

 

info@restaurantroots.co.u <mailto:info@restaurantroots.co.u> 

 


 

Best Wishes

 

Bertie Paul 


Client Support Adviser 


E  <mailto:cardhelp@magiccard.com> cardhelp@magiccard.com 


M  <tel:03xx%10xxx%10xxx> 0131 267 3209 

 

 

 
 
 

 






MagicCard (ASX: HSV) 


13 Alexander Road
Southeast London
SE79 3ES
United Kingdom
 

 <https://www.magiccard.com/> magiccard.com  


 <https://au.linkup.com/company/magiccard> in linkup.com/company/magiccard


 <https://magiccardfinlab.com/> 


  Before printing this email, please think about the environment.

 

 

From: druiz1970@googlemail.com
 <mailto:druiz1970@googlemail.com>  <druiz1970@googlemail.com
 <mailto:druiz1970@googlemail.com
> > 
Sent: 08 November 2022 20:19
To: Card Help <cardhelp@magiccard.com <mailto:cardhelp@magiccard.com> >
Subject:  Restaurant Roots Gift Card Expired

 

 
You seldom receive emails from druiz1970@googlemail.com <mailto:druiz1970@googlemail.com>. Find out why this matters.<https://aka.ms/Findoutmoreaboutsenderidentification> 

 

Hello

 

Re  60.00 Restaurant Roots Gift Card Expired G4NB G2NS BN43 QYCU

 

My gift card was given to me for my birthday in September 2021, but I didn't realize at the time that it was only valid for 12 months; typically, gift cards have longer expiration dates.
 

Due to a chronic medical condition that puts me at higher risk of contracting Covid-19, I have worked from home and reduced my social connections with others for the most of the last two years. Since it was my birthday again, I was reminded of the card I had previously received even though I hadn't used it.

 

On August 23, 2022, I planned to check my card balance online. I was shocked to see that the card had expired a few weeks prior and the sixty dollars had vanished. I didn't realize that the card was bought before being given to me for my birthday. 

 

On August 23, 2022, I gave you a call right away and told your Agent I didn't get her name that I had been shielding and hadn't wanted to use the card until I thought times were safer. I enquired as to whether I might be given an extension to the expiration date, presumably as a courtesy from you.
 

After taking my contact information, the agent claimed she would forward it to another department, which would evaluate it and get in touch with me; however, this could take a few weeks.

 

After waiting for several weeks to hear from you, I called on November 6, 2022, and spoke with a man who informed me that the first agent had made a mistake in collecting my details and that I should have been instructed to write in (as I am doing right now) to request an extension.

 

He was able to locate the specifics of my initial phone request after I persisted in asking him to look them up. The man informed me that nothing had been done. The agent was merely a temporary employee, and she no longer works for MagicCard. It disappointed me that MagicCard never got in touch with me. I would have responded if I had been asked to writ.

 

I am grateful that I am now aware that the card has expired (and that you are able to provide me with the card's terms and restrictions), but I am sincerely asking you once again to please show me some consideration and return the  60.00 to my card. Since I don't make a lot of money, this  60.00 gift card means a lot to me. I'll make good use of it, especially in light of the current cost of living problem that has negatively impacted my finances.

 

According to what I've heard, a lot of gift card and voucher providers willingly extended the expiration date of their products because of the COVID-19 pandemic, especially for people with special circumstances.

 

I would greatly appreciate it if you would kindly give my request some thought.
 

I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
 

Best Wishes

 

David Ruiz

103 Longstone Rd, Eastbourne, East Sussex BN22 8AD


 

 

Confidentiality Advisory: This email is private and intended solely for the recipient. Unauthorized copying, forwarding, or use of the information by any person other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this email by mistake, please inform the sender right away and delete the original message.
Creation date: 2022-11-25 20:07:50 work_notes: Email Received From: druiz1970@googlemail.com

Subject of Original Email:
RE: Restaurant Roots Gift Card Expired


Creation date: 2022-11-26 15:08:09 comments: Dear David,

I appreciate your email. We regret that you were unable to make use of your card.

We would greatly appreciate it if you could respond to this email with a photo of the front and back of your card so that we can assist you even more.

If you still have questions, we may have the answer in the section below under the FAQ. If not, you can call us or reply to this email.

Best  Wishes,

Bernard C.
Customer Service Agent
giftopia.co.uk l  47 Stanley Road
London
N71 3AS
www.giftopia.co.uk
Creation date: 2022-11-27 12:51:40 comments: Reply Received From: druiz1970@googlemail.com


Creation date: 2022-11-28 13:04:40 comments: Dear David,

I appreciate your email. We regret that your card has expired.

The card's full value is available to spend for 12 months from the date of purchase. Please bear in mind that the date you purchased the gift card may differ from the day you got it. Your card, which had a balance of  60, expired on 26-07-2022.

Please be aware that Restaurant Favourites gift cards have taken the role of the Restaurant Roots gift cards, which are now being discontinued.
 
After reviewing the data, we are able to replace your card with a new restaurant Favourites card that has 50% of its original value left on it because of the expiration date, in accordance with the terms and conditions. We would very appreciate it if you could respond to this email with the following details so that we can go forward:

          Your contact number  
          Your entire mailing address information 
 
To confirm further details on the new card, kindly visit our website https://www.magiccard.com/favourites
 
Before moving further with your request, we shall await your response.

In the FAQ part of the website below, we could already have the answers to any questions you may still have. Alternatively, you can call us or reply to this email.

Best Wishes,

Bernard C.
Customer Service Agent
Giftopia.co.uk l 47 Stanley Road
London
N71 3AS
www.giftopia.co.uk
